<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>AS-0.3301 Project document</title>
</head>

<body>

<div style="text-align: center">
<h3>AS-0.3301 - project document</h3>
<h1>Subject - <i>project subject</i></h1>
</div>

<h3>Authors:</h3>

<table>
<tr>
<td>54321X</td>
<td>Kalle Koodari</td>
<td><a href="mailto:kalle.koodari@cgurus.com">kalle.koodari@cgurus.com</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>12345Z</td>
<td>Keijo Kommentoija</td>
<td><a href="mailto:kkommento@kommarit.ru">kkommento@kommarit.ru</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>56789W</td>
<td>Diana Dokumentoija</td>
<td><a href="mailto:ddokumen@cc.hut.fi">ddokumen@cc.hut.fi</a></td>
</tr>
</table>

<h3>Last updated: </h3>

<p>1.12.2010</p>

<h2>Instructions for compiling and use</h2>

<p>In this chapter you must tell which platform(s) and operating system(s) your program supports.
How it can be compiled (and installed) ie. which tools are needed to compile the program and which commands to use.
</p>

<p>You must also tell what your program does and how it can be used. You must also add some
example of program runs (example inputs and outputs and/or screenshots or something like that).</p>

<p>Add here the manual of your program.</p>

<p><b>This part is important. If the assistant can not understand how to compile and/or use your program by
reading these instructions, your project will most propably be failed.</b></p>

<h2>Program architechture</h2>

<p>In this chapter you must describe the main architechture of your program. You <b>must draw</b> clear diagrams
of your program structure. You don't need to go in to the details, but this chapter should give the reader
the idea of the architechture of your program. You must also tell, why you decided to use the architechture you used.</p>

<h2>Data structures and algorithms</h2>

<p>In this chapter you must describe the data structures and algorithms used in your program. Dont't put
your code here, but describe the data structures and algorithms using natural language (you can also add pictures).</p>

<h2>Known bugs</h2>

<p>In this chapter you must tell all known bugs in your code. You must also tell what could have been done better.</p>

<p>If the assistant finds bug(s) in your code that you haven't mentioned, it is very bad thing and your points will be
decreased. And if your code segfaults, it is even worse and your points will be decreased more...</p>

<h2>Tasks sharing and schedule</h2>

<p>In this chapter you must tell how the task sharing and communication inside the group worked.
You must also tell the real schedule and amount of work done by each group member. You are also encouraged to describe the amount of work of each different part you your project. (planning, implementation of different areas of project, testing and documentation etc.)</p>

<p>Think and tell also, if you could have shared tasks better. What went wrong compared to the schedule of your original
plan and why.</p>

<h2>Differences to the original plan</h2>

<p>In this chapter you must tell what is done in different way that was originally planned and why.</p>

<p>Do you think your plan was good enough, super, or should you have planned your program better?</p>

<h2>References</h2>

<p>In this chapter you must tell all the references you have used during your project.</p>

</body>
</html>

